Is there a supernatural
dimension,
a world beyond the one we know?
Is there life after death?
Do angels exist?
Can our dreams contain messages
from Heaven?
Can we tap into ancient secrets
of the supernatural?
Are healing miracles real?
Sid Roth has spent over 35 years
researching the strange world of
the supernatural.
Join Sid for this edition of
It's Supernatural.
Hello.
Sid Roth here.
Welcome to my world where it's
naturally supernatural.
Now let's be real.
Have you prayed, have you
fasted,
have you moaned, have you
groaned for your physical
healing and it didn't happen,
and year after year,
after year passed and it didn't
happen?
My guest knows why.
Anyone interested?
So you're 19 years old.
You wake up one morning.
You go to the mirror to shave
and you see a lump the size of
an egg coming out of your neck.
Now you had a Catholic
background,
so you believe the basics of the
Gospel,
but you didn't have what the
Messiah said is necessary,
and so few have this.
This is what our Messiah said in
the original language: "This is
eternal life that you might have
experiential knowledge of me."
He didn't have experiential
knowledge.
He had no grid for miracles, so
to speak.
So what did you do?
When I discovered that lump and
was diagnosed with
cancer I did not know what to
do.
I just felt fear and terror.
But something within me caused
me to cry out to the God
that I heard about.
I didn't know him personally,
but I heard about him.
And so I went to the beach to be
alone and nobody was there.
It was a cloudy day.
I sat on the beach and I looked
up at the sky
to the God out there somewhere.
So from my belly a very simple
prayer came and it consisted of
only two words.
I said to the God out there
somewhere,
"Teach me."
And I forgot about that day.
But three months later, God
did not forget about that day.
He did not.
What happened?
I met a man who I can tell you
emphatically with
great confidence is a true
disciple of Jesus Christ.
He's a man that was born in
South Korea.
And I went to him looking for
alternative methods of getting
well, and I asked him, I said, I
told him,
I said, "I have cancer."
And he continued to smile at me
and then I thought he must not
know English because everybody
that you tell them you have
cancer, oh, I'm sorry.
But he just smiled at me.
Now I know he smiled because he
knew that God sent me to him.
And when I asked, "What books
can I study?
What things can I go research?"
He says, "You don't need many
books.
You only need one book."
He had been reading when I
walked in.
He slid that book across the
table and it was covered with
black leather, gilded pages, and
I realized it was the Bible.
And I said, "What does this have
to do with me being sick?"
I'm thinking medical science is
here.
A prayer is far away over there.
There is always alternative
health, too.
That's right.
And so when I asked that
question,
what does the Bible have to do
with me being sick,
he leaned across the desk.
He looked in my eyes and he
said, "Everything."
That started a five-hour Bible
study.
You sat there for five
hours.
For five hours.
Sid, it felt like five minutes,
but I was there for five hours.
And the way that he introduced
the Bible to me was unique.
It's not something I had
experienced.
He would open it and pointed to
a verse and he'd say in his
Korean accent, "Read it."
I'd read it.
He'd flip the Bible.
"Read it."
And we went through this
process.
He was allowing the Word of God,
literally the words of God to
speak to my heart.
And I found out that day I had a
bigger problem than cancer.
I found out that day that I had
sin,
it was not washed clean and I
was going to Hell.
So that day, I understood for
the first time who God is,
who Satan is and who I was.
And I learned that the Messiah
offered me payment for all my
sin, but more than that, I
learned that by removing my sin
opened the gate to experience
complete healing,
mentally, physically and
spiritually.
What was going on inside of
you while
he was explaining this?
You know, it's an interesting
question because
there was a side of me that was
filled with expectation.
As I was reading the Word of God
I didn't know.
You had no expectation
before you started teaching.
I didn't.
But the Word of God was so clear
to me that day that it was
creating the expectation.
I was reading about where cancer
comes from,
the root of sickness.
I was reading about how Jesus
healed everyone.
I was reading a promise that he
died on the cross not just for
my sin, but that I would be
healed,
that he took my pain.
He took my sorrow.
So the scriptures, not the
tradition of man that I had been
exposed to my whole life, but
the scriptures
set my expectation.
But he declared to me that day,
"Today,
Steve, you will be healed."
Didn't he realize you had
cancer,
you had some radiation, your
body was destroyed by the
cancer, your body was destroyed
by the radiation?
Didn't he know that?
He knew it all.
I told him all the details and I
was the kind of person that
wanted people to know how bad it
was and what could happen,
and none of that mattered.
And I understand now why.
He cared so little about what
the devil was doing because he
was so focused on what God had
done through
Yeshua on the cross.
He was consumed with the love of
God and the promise of God,
and the covenant of God.
So he knew that day what had
happened was irrelevant.
What was about to happen, that
was relevant.
What happened?
He took me through the process
of saying,
well now that you've give your
heart to God,
all the promises, not some of
them,
but all the promises are yes and
amen in Jesus.
He immediately, without any
other learning,
I just heard the covenanted
promise,
he stood me up, he laid his
hands on my head,
which I had never seen before.
But he laid his hands on my head
and he commanded,
"In the name of Yeshua, Jesus,"
he
commanded the cancer to leave.
Sid, immediately, I had no
context,
no experience.
I didn't know there was
Christian television.
I never went to a Christian
church before like this.
But power filled the room and
filled my body.
I remember wondering what is
happening because the power was
coming from everywhere.
And then a circle of entities
appeared around us that now I
understand were angels.
And he began with such
vehemence,
with such authority, with such
power,
he began to command, and I knew
from the soles of my feet power
was coming up and all the evil,
all the cancer,
all my fears, I didn't just have
cancer.
I had OCD.
I had fears.
I had great anxiety.
But these things people don't
care about
as much as cancer. But God does.
And that day, I felt all of
that,
all that which was cursed
separating from my body.
When he commanded it to go in
the name of Jesus,
every unclean spirit, everything
was broken in a moment and it
departed from my body.
When we come back, many
people have a disconnect between
the promises of God and the
provision of God.
It shouldn't be that way.
Come on back and it won't be.
We'll be right back to It's
Supernatural.
We now return to It's
So Steve not only got
totally healed of all the fear
and everything he had, God
totally healed of all the cancer
he had, but at that moment, even
the bad effects of the radiation
disappeared from his body.
You have a passion to share that
same connection that allowed you
to be totally set free for
everyone,
and it starts with something
that people
just take for granted.
It's called the Bible.
Yes.
Tell me what God has shown
you about the Word of God.
Sid, we don't know the treasure
that Heaven
has entrusted to us when he gave
the 66 books of the Bible.
The Bible is the most
misunderstood,
mistaught, misrepresented thing,
I believe,
in all the Christian faith,
because people say I believe the
Word of God, but they know not
truly what it is.
So God over time began to teach
me that the Bible is not the
black leather book people think
it is,
but rather that the Bible
contains the very mind,
spirit and word, and heartbeat
of the Father.
You believe the Bible is
alive.
I do.
I'm persuaded of it.
You know, before there was ever
the earth,
before there was ever paper,
there was ever leather to bind
that paper, God said, before
anything else,
he said, "Let there be light."
I was studying one day and the
Lord asked me or put on my
heart, what language did I
speak.
There was no Hebrew.
There was no Greek.
There was no English.
There was no Spanish.
What God showed me was in First
John,
the Bible says that God is light
and in him there is no darkness.
So in Genesis, he said, "Let
there be light."
Sid, God began to teach me.
When God said let there be
light,
he was saying let there be me
there.
He was releasing himself.
So the revelation of the book we
call the Bible is actually the
very release of God himself from
the heavens into the earth
realm.
So when Peter walked on
water,
you say God showed you something
even higher.
Yes.
What?
Peter had an intimacy with
Jesus.
He didn't have an intimacy with
just religious protocol or
traditions of men.
He was with Jesus.
And in the middle of a storm, a
scary time,
they see Jesus come walking on
the water
and they cried out for fear.
They never expected Jesus to
appear
as the supernatural God that he
is.
And Peter, in his boldness, from
his faith,
said, "Lord, if it's you,
command me to come out to you."
There's a lot of revelation in
this because Peter was saying,
bring me under the command of
your voice.
Bring me under the power of your
voice.
If I come under your word I'll
enter the realm of Glory that
your word is in.
And so a lot of people think
that Peter was walking on water,
but in reality his prayer was,
"Command me to come."
It's very interesting that Jesus
explicitly answers Peter exactly
according to his prayer, and
Jesus says,
"Come."
Peter didn't really walk on
water.
He walked on the command of God
given by his Word,
and that was the key that moved
him from a life lived,
tossed in the boat, to walking
on top of the circumstances that
was beating that boat.
Just that little revelation
that he shared,
that little nugget that he just
shared,
you dust off that little black
book you got for your Bar
Mitzvah or you got for your
confirmation and realize that he
has just said that black book is
God himself.
And when you value God himself
your heart cries out to him and
there will be a connection.
In fact, I'm going to have him
share a couple more revelations
and then pray for you to walk on
water.
Whether it's cancer, heart
disease,
tumors, anything, God says all
of his promises
are yes and so be it.
Be right back.
We'll be right back to It's
Supernatural.
We now return to It's
Okay.
It's wonderful that Steve
Hannett has his miracle.
It's wonderful that he now knows
how to have the disconnect
removed and just connect into
the power of God.
But when he teaches this, so
many people have the plug
plugged in for the power of God.
Tell me about one member of your
congregation that heard your
teaching that had a tragedy
turned into a blessing.
Yes.
We had a husband and wife come
to us who were pregnant and they
were very disheartened and
filled with fear.
They came and they told us that
the first ultrasound of their
baby revealed all the markers
for Down's syndrome,
for echo bowel syndrome, a flat
nasal,
cysts on the brain and other
abnormalities.
The condition of the child, the
medical professionals said was
so bad they recommended that
they abort the child.
They came to us and they shared
the news that we had.
By the grace of God, we knew it
did not matter what the devil
was busy doing, we knew what God
had already done on the cross
through his son Yeshua.
And we began to teach them the
principles and
the covenanted promises of God.
They took these promises and
they began to pray them.
They began to take the
revelation that
the Word of God is created.
It changes things.
They went from the revelation
that this is a black book
to the Living Word.
They went back to the doctor and
they told the doctor.
"We're going to have the baby."
The doctor happened to be an
atheist and with a certain
degree of anger, the way they
described it to us,
was that the doctor said, "I
don't care how much you pray,
this is not removing Down's
syndrome."
The woman, praise God, filled
with faith,
turned to the atheist doctor and
said,
"You don't know my God."
It was time to deliver the child
and they were so convinced that
the child was going to have
these abnormalities they had
special medical personnel around
to whisk the baby away.
But what was going on with
this couple during that time?
They were laboring in the Word.
They told me sometimes it was
easy and sometimes it was hard.
There was a struggle, but they
were praying the importune
prayer.
They were praying like Jacob, "I
won't let go
of thee until you bless me."
And they prayed that way until
the delivery.
Did they believe that perhaps
the doctors were correct
that their baby would be Down's
syndrome?
They knew in the natural that
what the doctors
were reporting was accurate.
What they knew in the Spirit
that what God Almighty was
reporting was accurate.
They believed the right voice
and they had the facts that
their child was going to be
deformed,
but they had the truth that
God's Word was going to rectify
it and change it.
The day of delivery came.
The child was born and the
atheist doctor said,
"This child is perfect."
Ha!
No Down's syndrome,
no echo bowel syndrome, no flat
nasal.
God did a creative miracle and
this little girl runs around our
church with curly hair, dancing
and praising the Lord,
and completely healthy to this
day.
That's the power of the Word
God.
Okay.
Speaking of the power of the
Word of God,
you say we're not waiting for
God,
God is waiting for us.
I want you to pray right now,
but tell me what will happen
when you pray.
What is going to happen?
Will people be healed?
People will be healed and they
will be healed
because that's the will and
covenant of God.
Sid, God, people are praying,
maybe
you'll give me a little
blessing, God.
They don't understand their
Father nor his goodness.
Heaven can't wait.
The Father can't wait.
The son can't wait.
I can't wait.
You pray.
Amen.
Listen.
Believe with me right now as I
pray.
In the name of Jesus Christ, God
wants you well.
He's a good Father.
In the name of Jesus, I speak
according to the covenanted work
of God through the Messiah on
the cross that by the stripes of
Jesus the Messiah, you will be
healed and
I command every sickness.
I command every disease.
There is somebody with a band of
pain around their head,
the Lord showed me, that pain is
going to disappear.
There are people with vision
problems that right now there is
pain behind your eye.
It's a bad pain right behind
your eyeballs.
It's very, very intense.
It will leave.
In the name of Jesus, I command
every sickness,
every unclean thing to depart in
the name of Jesus Christ the
Messiah.
Amen.
Do you know what I'm
reminded of?
The word "gospel" was originally
used because a king would have a
messenger come from the battle
to report
what happened in the battle.
And guess what the word "gospel"
means?
Good news, a victory.
You cannot lose.
You were created to win.
As long as Jesus is your Messiah
and Lord,
as long as you believe he died
for your sins,
as long as you ask him with the
spoken word to live inside of
you and forgive you of your sins
then you have the true gospel,
the good news, the good news of
victory.
I say victory for you!
Amen.
Next week on It's
Supernatural.
When you put three world class
prophets together there is a
synergy of the Spirit that I'm
expecting things to happen that
they've never thought of.
I'm expecting you to have an
amazing encounter with God.
Anyone interested in finding out
what they see for 2017?
00:28:18,897 --> 00:00:00,000